This example demonstrates how to build presentations handouts and
slides using DocSet. 

To build run: 

  % bin/build -df

(after you have installed DocSet, -f forces rebuild, -d generates pdfs)

What you get is dst_html/ which includes the HTML version of the
slides and the PDF versions linked with [PDF] buttons. Notice that the
slides/ directory builds the slides PDF in the Landscape mode, whereas
the handouts/ directory builds a normal Portrait mode book. You can
then view them with:

  % acroread dst_html/slides/mod_perl-2.0.pdf
  % acroread dst_html/handouts/mod_perl-2.0.pdf

and HTML version by going to /whereever/you/build/them/dst_html/.

Notice that the POD files in src/slides dir are written in simplified
POD, where all bullets are simple * or * *. There are other
simplification there. To learn more about it see this example's
presentation files in src/slides/ and read the DocSet::Source::POD and
DocSet::Doc::POD2HTMLPS manpages.

Notice that both handouts and slides were cut to the very minimum so
not to take much space, but include enough material to demonstrate all
the available features/syntax. 

Notice that the default config is to enumerate all the
sections. Therefore if you prepare the src/handouts first and then
copy them over to the src/slides directory and keep the same section
order/names the numbers will match, making it easier for your audience
to match the slides to their handouts during the presentation. (In
this example it's messed up because I've cut off many things to save
space.)

That's how I present my slides. Write and polish the pod files in
src/handouts/, then copy them to src/slides/, reduce them to slides
and I'm done.

Notice that you can include several chapters and can mix pod, html,
just like any other DocSet project. See the ../site/ example for more
details.

---

If you want to build your own presentation, simple start off this
example and change things to fit your content/style. For more info
read the DocSet manpages.

Questions can be asked at the template-docset mailing list. For
mailing list archives and subscription information please see:
http://template-toolkit.org/mailman/listinfo/template-docset
